Move 'Migrating from Travis' to new doc (#105)
exercism/docs: building/tracks/ci/workflow-templates.md

Example implementation of these workflow files [can be found in `exercism/javascript`][git-javascript].

## **HELP**: this looks like _a lot_ of work 😓

> The rest of the document is designed to explain how the workflows work. If you're in a hurry, and you just want to switch from Travis or Circle to GHA without optimizing the PR scripts, go to the **~10 minute guide** on [**Migrating from Travis**](migrating-from-travis.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The rest of the document is designed to explain how the workflows work. If you're in a hurry, and you just want to switch from Travis or Circle to GHA without optimizing the PR scripts, check out our **~10 minute guide** on [**Migrating from Travis**](migrating-from-travis).
```

(It's not an md doc, it's html)
